Use this upper section to write notes to yourself or other site contributors
None of this will appear on the page anyway, so don't worry about it
Only things below the "page content below" tag will show up on the site

----------------------
{{page content below}}

title: Meet the Command Staff
content: Every page should have a little blurb to explain what the page is about.

{{repeated items below}}

position: Commanding Officer
rank: LCol
name: Darras
imageURL: ./images/CO.jpg
bio: The commanding officer's shortened bio goes here

longbio: Lieutenant-Colonel Lauri Darras enrolled in the Canadian Armed Forces in 1995 in her hometown of Sudbury, Ontario. After earning her pilot’s wings in 1998, she was posted to 443 Maritime Helicopter Squadron in Victoria, British Columbia where she sailed in Her Majesty’s Canadian Ships CALGARY, VANCOUVER and OTTAWA, including deployments on Op AUGMENTATION and Op APOLLO in the Arabian Gulf.
In 2004, Lieutenant-Colonel Darras was posted to 3 Canadian Forces Flying Training School in Portage-la-Prairie, Manitoba, as a helicopter flying instructor. In 2007, she was selected to serve as Aide-de-Camp to Her Excellency, the Right Honourable Michaëlle Jean, Governor General of Canada, then in several staff positions including J3 Plans and Deputy J1 at Canada Command in Ottawa, Deputy Officer in Charge of the Air Component Coordination Element (West) in Edmonton, Alberta, and G5 Aviation at the Canadian Manoeuvre and Training Centre in Wainwright, Alberta.
In 2014, Lieutenant-Colonel  Darras returned 12 Wing and to the Sea King where she served as the Helicopter Air Detachment Commander and Air Task Force Commander on Her Majesty’s Canadian Ship ATHABASKAN. She also served as 423 Sqn’s Operations Officer and as the Deputy Commanding Officer of 12 Air Maintenance Squadron. In 2017, she took command of 444 Combat Support Sqn in Goose Bay, Labrador where she flew the Griffon helicopter, and in 2018, undertook the Joint Command and Staff Programme at the Canadian Forces College in Toronto.
Lieutenant-Colonel Darras holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Science from the University of Manitoba and a Master’s in Defence Studies from the Canadian Forces College. Her spouse, Lieutenant-Colonel Loic Darras, serves as Deputy Commander of the Combat Training Centre in Gagetown, New Brunswick. Together they have three children Luke, Jack and Nina.




position: Squadron Chief
rank: CWO
name: Paquette
imageURL: ./images/CWO.jpg
bio: The chief's cool bio goes here
longbio: Just for testing, the chief only has one paragraph




position: Zucc
rank: The
name: Zucc
imageURL: ./images/zucc.jpg
bio: This is the zucc
longbio: This is the zucc.
He controls our lives.
This is a demo.